a man travels through time to stop a
notorious bomber welcome back to popcorn
time movie digest today i will show you
a science fiction action thriller film
from 2014 titled predestination spoilers
alert watch out and take care
the film starts in the late 70s era new
york a temporal agent in a code and hat
is trying to defuse the latest deadly
explosive planted by an infamous
terrorist known as the fizzle bomber he
gets distracted by a gunshot confronted
by a person who tries to stop him a
gunfire duel takes place between them
during this the temporal agent succeeds
in containing the bomb but before the
bomb can be safely defused it blows up
burning his face
the fizzle bomber manages to escape
another person walks up to the temporal
agent and helps him reach out to a
violin case a coordinate transformer
field kit time machine the temporal
agent disappears and returns to his
timeline in the future
returning to the future in 1992 the
agent awakens to find that he has
undergone facial reconstruction to save
his life
doctors grafted on new skin and
reconstructed the agent's face and
throat as they were badly damaged it is
revealed during this time that the agent
works for a mysterious organization
known as the temporal bureau the bureau
sends temporal agents through time to
prevent major crimes that would cost the
lives of thousands of people
unfortunately the fizzle bomber is the
only terrorist to elude them he is also
responsible for killing 11 000 people in
new york in march 1975.
after his recovery he receives his last
assignment before he is decommissioned
from the agency the agent accepts the
mission uses his coordinate transformer
field kit to travel back in time to 1970
and plays the role of a bartender in new
york
the bartender seemingly awaits the
arrival of a particular customer he
strikes up a conversation with a
slightly androgynous looking guy
he reveals that he is an author of a
confession magazine he is known as the
unmarried mother he makes his living
writing fake tales of woe and promises
to tell the best story that you ever
heard
the unmarried mother and bartender start
talking and the unmarried mother wages a
bottle of liquor if his story is enough
to shock or surprise the bartender the
bartender agrees and the unmarried
mother tells the bartender of his past
the unmarried mother starts telling the
story of his life where he was born a
girl and was called jane
jane was a baby abandoned at an
orphanage in 1945.
she was named jane by one of the workers
at the orphanage as a girl his name was
jane the unmarried mother recounts
events in his life when he was a girl
saying that he envied children with
parents and felt he was different
somehow she also states that he was
quite gifted and was very good in all
scientific fields and was physically
strong but had difficulty fitting in
she grew up being disliked by others her
age because she was too intelligent
smart and physically active
jane never ends up getting adopted
however her qualities not to mention the
retention of her virginity proved to be
of interest to space corps a 60s era
government agency charged with
recruiting women to go into space to
provide astronauts with intimate rest
and recuperation
she wanted to go to outer space
eventually tries to join the space corps
program headed by one mr robertson
jane excelled in all the tests set for
her by the space corps but she was
disqualified from the program because of
a medical condition revealing that jane
has an intersex condition where she has
two sets of sex organs male and female
but they don't tell her that when they
disqualify her
they simply pin the disqualification on
the fight jane has with another girl in
the corporation
jane tries to move on with her life and
eventually goes to night classes in
cleveland to work on her demeanor and
charm around this time she accidentally
stumbles into a stranger on her way home
on april third nineteen sixty three the
two begin talking and eventually fell in
love with each other she believed she
had met the only person who she truly
cared about but one day the stranger
left jane and never came back
emotionally distraught jane is
approached by mr robertson who tells
jane that he actually works for a
different organization that could use
someone with her intelligence and
physical abilities and offers her a
chance to join
jane is about to accept his proposition
but they broke off contact when it was
discovered that jane was pregnant with a
stranger
jane eventually gives birth to a baby
girl but a c-section is required to
successfully remove the baby
while performing a cesarean section
doctors discovered jane was intersex
with internalized male sex organs as
well as female sex organs
one of the doctors who performed the
operation then tells jane that during
the operation they had to surgically
remove her uterus and ovaries
complications during the birth forced
them to remove her female sex organs she
was then forced to undergo gender
reassignment and begin living as a man
the problems never stopped for jane as
someone stole his baby from the hospital
and no matter how much she tried they
could never find her child again ever
since then jane who now goes by john has
been living a bitter life writing
fiction as the unmarried mother
retuning to 1970 john concludes the
story and asks if he has earned the
bottle of liquor the bartender almost
gives him the bottle then john
articulates that if he ever finds the
man that got him pregnant he wouldn't
hesitate to kill him the bartender tells
john that he knows the location of the
stranger who ruined jane's life
he promises that he will give john the
opportunity of revenge of killing that
stranger free of any consequences
in return john will take over the
agent's job for whatever duration he
wishes
john eventually follows the bartender
into a secure basement underneath the
bar
the bartender tells john that he
actually works for mr robertson and that
the organization mr robertson was
referring to was the temporal bureau
john accepts and the agent uses his time
traveling case to transport them to the
exact point of time in the past when
jane met the stranger
the bartender arms john with a gun to
confront the man who seduced impregnated
and abandoned jane telling him exactly
where and when to find him
john equips himself with a gun and goes
looking for the stranger while waiting
he accidentally meets jane his younger
female self and as they begin talking
jon realizes that he is the man who
later becomes jane's love
he falls in love with jane and had sex
with her the temporal agent looks on
from a distance and eventually uses his
time machine to travel into the future
he slips out and goes forward to 1970 to
the event of the bomb defusal the first
scene of the movie only he arrives a few
minutes earlier than his former self to
stop the fizzle bomber he spots the
fizzle bomber placing the bomb they get
into a gunfight then into a fistfight
the agent gets his ass handed to him and
faints he then wakes to the sound of an
explosion in gunfire and realizes that
his former self from the beginning of
the movie has been injured and he wasn't
able to stop the bomber he is revealed
to be the man who helps his former self
reach his time machine in ordered to get
back to the temporal bureau in 1992
the temporal agent uses his time machine
to travel back to march 1964 where he
meets with robertson
the agent managed to grab some evidence
from the bomb used by the fizzle bomber
and hands it over to robertson it is
shown that robertson and the agent are
actually having their conversation in
the hospital ward where jane's child is
born
the temporal agent then kidnaps the baby
born from this self-fertilization and
takes the baby girl back in time to the
same orphanage that jane grew up in in
therefore jane john and their baby are
the same person revealing a
predestination paradox this also
explains why the baby would grow with
both sex organs it is a time paradox
within which this complicated conception
of jane and john exists making him a
self-created unique being
the temporal agent soon returns to 1963
to retrieve john the time john and jane
are still together
he signals for john john leaves jane
waiting on the bench
the temporal agent tells john that they
need to leave this time and travel
forward at this point the agent reveals
to john his mission and why he set john
and jane together the temporal agent
explains that he john jane and the child
are all the same person that exists
through a predestined time paradox he
tells john that he needed john to meet
with jane in order for her to become
pregnant and give birth to a child who
would eventually grow up to be them
if the temporal agent had not kidnapped
the child and transported her back to
1945 or if he had not set up john and
jane none of them would exist
john states that he doesn't want to
leave jane but the temporal agent
insists it has to be
the temporal agent and john travel
forward to 1985 to the temporal bureau
leads john to recover from the massive
time jump
john now takes over the agent's job so
the agent can retire in 1975 new york
close to the day of the fizzlebomber's
attack
robertson also gives the temporal agent
a file containing new leads recovered
from the evidence he gave robertson the
temporal agent then returns to his own
timeline to live out a normal life as
best he can in january 1975 new york
upon entering this time period he
deactivates his time machine but it
encounters an error
the agent discovers that the time travel
device does not decommission itself as
planned and can still be used
the temporal agent soon deduces where to
find the bomber using the leads given to
him by robertson
the agent eventually finds the bomber in
a laundromat store
to the agent's shock he sees that the
fizzle bomber is actually him in the
future the fizzle bomber turns out to be
the agent's own future self now
suffering from psychosis as a result of
excessive time travel the fizzle bomber
insists that his actions have saved and
will save more lives than the lives lost
because he bombed places before
potential mass murderers could use them
and that they ultimately lead to the
reinforcement of the temporal agency the
fizzle bomber seemingly insane says that
if the agent kills him the agent will
become him as it is a repetitive cycle
but if the agent loves him again when he
was jane and john then they can break
the cycle the agent denies he will ever
become the fizzlebomber disgusted with
his future self the agent decides to
kill the fizzle bomber the movie ends
with the agent overlooking the time
machine stating that he knows for sure
that jane john and himself were the best
things that have happened to him in his
life and that he misses his past selves
dreadfully
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching